# QN1
They're extremely similar. Implementation details aside, both can be thought of as **key-value pairs**, although the **dictionary pairs are unordered** (meaning that their order is not guaranteed, although there is an `ordered dictionary` datatype in Python) and **list keys are more restrictive** (they must be integer indices).

This being said, some languages (looking at you, JavaScript) even play off of their similarity to the extent that the built in datatypes they provide that are analagous to lists (e.g. arrays in JS) and dictionaries (e.g. POJOs in JS) are both actually just the dictionary analog (in JS, arrays are abstractions on top of objects).

The use cases for list include cases where **order matters** (e.g. in a for loop, calling range instantiates an ordered list, and you don't want your order to be different from what you expect as you iterate through the list). It's also far more trivial to create a list on the fly (e.g. using the `range` built in function, although `range` no longer returns a list in Python 3 (it returns a generator-like object like Python 2's `xrange`, so that's even better!))

For dictionaries, it's more about **polymorphism** and **readability**. Technically, everything done with a dictionary could very well be done with a list, so long as you keep the order straight in your head. If you remember that your index-5 element is name and index-10 is age and you don't care about anyone reading your code (including yourself after some time away from it), then that's fine. I mean you'd be an artless hack, but that's your perogative. However consider the case where we have wide-ranging packages created by people spanning large communities. It gets harder and harder to keep everything straight in your head. It's far easier to visually grep what's going on when you see `person['name']` instead of `person[52]` (this is readibility/semanticism). The polymorphic argument is fairly obvious, but it boils down to a standards problem - if you somehow got everyone in the world to agree on certain list indices representing certain keys (which is certainly *possible* as the english language is finite), then it falls apart. But achieving that feat is ridiculous, and still doesn't provide the readibility that dictionaries do with their ability for semantic key names.

# QN2
## A

The student is trying to rev up his eBot, so to speak. He's slowly increasing its speed (by increments of 10% every 2s absolute to its full power) starting from 0% (implictly as before moving, it's at 0%)  until he hits 100% forward charge on the pathetic, ludicrously overpriced robot. At 100%, it moves forward for a final 2s before bidding adieu to its connected computer and halting all movement.

## B
10 times. The while loop runs 10 times (terminating when power is 1.1), and it increments power by 0.1 each run.

## C
The same things happen, just way faster. So fast, in fact, that the eBot practically does not move at all. It would ramp up to full power and then just stop, quicker than the blink of an eye. Assuming the eBot isn't crappy enough to lag on just 10 fast instructions, we would likely notice no movement. Big assumption, though.
